[Music]
to achieve
we are protection for the group we're
praying for you guys
bring me back to the night that you met
Thomas I was spending a summer in
Montreal raising money for my tech
startup and I heard a party from a
rooftop and I was just completely alone
so I started introducing myself telling
people about what I do and what I'm
working on until this one girl said I
should meet Thomas and within five
minutes we got to talking about how he
was one of the only people in the world
who had the permits to go climb the
Great Pyramid of Giza that's just one of
those things that immediately makes you
wonder who the hell is this guy and
where is he coming from the same night
that I met Amara
I immediately went straight to that and
told him about this I was working as a
bartender and it was around 2:00 in the
morning and Thomas comes up to me with
the biggest smile on his face he looks
me in the eyes and he says do you well
they climbed the Great Pyramid of Giza
and he's just so confused by what I'm
talking about dude are you drunk what
are you saying even the possibility of
being able to climb the Great Pyramid of
Giza
felt it's just massively exciting even
just being there to document am are
doing it was kind of like felt like an
insane journey to be a part of this was
something that is going to happen in
three months and I was telling everybody
that I met and that's why that came up
in the conversation with Thomas so we
immediately just start talking about
life and all sorts of different things I
tell him about what I'm doing which is
about to start
a journey of doing 30 things I've never
done before in 30 days and make a video
about it every single day the idea was
that Omar was just gonna help us film
because he clearly had more experience
with cameras than we did but pretty much
within the first afternoon it was very
quickly felt that that was not what he
should be doing
Amar's role was definitely to be the
dreamer any dream that you think is too
crazy
he'll level it up and make it even
crazier and be like now that's not big
enough it just elevated everything to
make us believe in the impossible and a
lot of the things that we ended up
saying we'd want to do like meeting the
Prime Minister of Canada at the time for
a YouTube channel that had 800
subscribers felt ridiculous but we did
it you know heli bungy with Will Smith
this is gonna sound crazy but what if we
challenged Will Smith to heli bungy dude
come on
and then he did it I mean dreaming to
climb the Great Pyramid of Giza is such
an such a ridiculous dream to have so I
think that nobody's ever done legally so
you really do wonder where that came
from but it just elevated everything to
make us believe in the impossible that
was actually the first dream I remember
having as a child I remember being so in
awe for how big they were and in 2014 I
spent 39 straight days showing up to
different government offices every
single day and then it actually happened
my friend Oscar and I became the first
people to ever get every single legal
permission to be able to climb the Great
Pyramid of Giza but on the day of the
climb we actually got denied at the base
[Music]
I had plans to make another attempt six
months later but little did I know
that summer the whole government just
got shuffled and my paperwork was just
useless and in 2017 I ended up taking
math and Thomas to Egypt for the first
time to my family and I had one last
chance to make this dream come true
we're about to board the flight to go to
Cairo it's actually kind of surreal that
we're about to see a Mars family that
we've been talking about together for
two years we realized almost instantly
showing up in Egypt in 2017 that we were
going to climb
it kind of felt like talking to a wall
he had a meeting earlier today and it
was just a whole bunch of nothing just
nowhere that was my last chance to make
the climb happen I want to be out there
one day and I made my attempts got a
permit and did it end up happening but
still hoping that one day it will if
ever we would have been able to climb
the Great Pyramid of Giza it would have
been filled with government officials
just tomorrow going up and having to
come down right away would have been
this like crazy stressful official
scenario that did not sound like
something fun and adventurous but I got
a call from Perry he had just been to
Guatemala he wouldn't stop talking about
this guy Pressy and he wouldn't stop
talking about the specific thing that
Pressy told him which was I know how to
get you to the biggest pyramid in the
entire world from the air it looks like
just jungle but these forests in
Guatemala hide an ancient secret it
didn't sound real like the way he would
explain it it almost felt like what how
is this not a bigger thing the thing is
almost no one's heard of it
how does no one know about this how I've
never heard of this pyramidal of
mountains the structure the world should
know because it represents an investment
of Labor unprecedented in the world
history but it's accessible and I think
that was the most exciting part it's
like no no you can go you just have to
be willing to take the risk
hung up the phone and I freaking
sprinted tomorrow and Thomas's apartment
and I stopped everybody and I was like
amar we're gonna do it because like you
talked about and I just explained it was
like the biggest pyramid in the world is
not in Egypt it's a common misconception
if you've autumn all up as soon as I
told them they were down all we have to
decide is who did we want to be there
while this thing about the ladonna
pyramid is that nobody has ever properly
documented the process of actually going
and seeing the pyramid so because of
that we wanted to assemble some of the
most talented creatives in the world to
do the story justice the first person we
reached out to was Sam holder we've
actually never worked with him before
but his travel cinematography is some of
the most incredible we've ever seen and
his style of filmmaking has inspired
thousands around the world along with
Sam
Chelsea Emma saying his girlfriend but
also one of the most badass adventure
photographers in the world then we had
andreas hem who's a red camera
cinematography magician red camera is
pretty much an extension of his body
we've worked with him in the past and he
truly never misses a shot then we
invited Donnie Sheriff aka Johnny FPV
he's a first person view freestyle drone
operator and his work honestly just
speaks for itself then we have Sorrell
and more she's a seasoned backpacker an
adventurer who brings so much light and
positivity that we could not have gone
on this trip without her max Rance
McDonald is a world traveler in
daredevil who came along with us on our
last documentary who always says yes to
adventure and last but not least our
friend Perry grown he's a filmmaker a
comedian who told us about LaDonna in
the first place and who actually came
with us in 2017 to capture one of our
attempts to climb the pyramid and after
a few months of phone calls and
convincing SB were somewhat ready to go
both car pouches I feel like we're not
in my area I promise they're super cool
probably
you look perfect you're all set I think
he's ready to go
nobody has anything they're supposed to
have you guys goodbye I'm just ranting
really literally our flight is like six
hours but this is what it's all about
not knowing what you're getting yourself
into and trusting in the last-minute
trips to REI yeah as soon as we start to
look into what it would take to actually
get there that's when we started to
question whether it was a good idea
we're basically gonna be trekking for
days through the jungle without phone
service walking apparently a marathon
every day blazing hot and we're just at
the brink of rainy season which means
that at any moment the weather could
just switch on us and totally
underprepared
we've never hiked these distances ever
in our lives before I have no idea what
gear we really need to be bringing we
don't know this guide who Perry has just
met for basically a couple days and
we're bringing a bunch of creators that
we've also never met who are trusting us
in our preparation in this to just
literally walk straight into the jungle
I don't know about you but that sounds
like a terrible idea it just sounds like
something you'd want to prepare for
we had the whole squad here in the SS
and we are here last-minute preps and
the plate leaves in about two hours
so lots to do given that we're very late
one week to get going with things quite
fast I'm gonna keep this short like to
welcome everyone
officially for the S house this is a
space that is built with the intention
to bring the brightest minds of our
generation take the lab right and work
together
you guys are hand-picked because you're
human beings who have followed their own
truth and as a result got to create
something spectacular that as far as the
thousands of people all around and it's
such an honor to have every single one
of you here today joining us on this
trip this is not a production this is an
actual adventure that we're all gonna go
on going in realizing the risks that
were stepping into the end the unknown
of going into a jungle and knowing what
what we're gonna be facing there but the
best part is we're doing it together and
everybody I think is on the same page in
Johnny but yeah obviously that I land to
give you guys the context of what what
story are we trying to tell and where
work begins because there's definitely a
history of
intense decline parents given the time
constraints will just do that as we go
all right the team is out and I think
we've got everything
and we're now boarding the flights to
Guatemala heading to the jungle
this is the biggest thing we've ever had
and the most amount of gear we've ever
worked with all right
that's life
[Music]
oh my god
mm you ready yeah yeah what about you
guys ready our soap operas are let's
climb Mount Kilimanjaro and journals and
these ones these are ones yeah Sam will
not be alive like a shirt off throughout
the whole trip I'll just wear a sweater
I started the whole class sleeping bag
yeah you can't breath nothing your
muscle muscles
[Music]
[Applause]
here we go
there's so many filmmakers on this trip
that every two seconds we're stopping
and getting shots it's actually kind of
nice cause you stop and appreciate this
you get free well rather than just
driving
yeah
[Music]
oh my back is destroyed I was sitting on
the worst seat do we start travelling 24
hours ago and
we're finally at the island which is
just the starting point for where we
going to start the journey tomorrow so
again we do a four-hour drive and then
we get to the beginning of the trek
and rest with the radar yeah we're
running at our hotel we'll stay here
overnight and then we're waking up at
what time tomorrow 5:00 a.m. no we leave
at 5:00 so we have to wake I don't know
how long you take to get ready for 4:30
we should put all the snores together
yeah I think so no I talk in my sleep
all right talk
it's only an hour so you all really have
to understand Alejandra each other
anymore
yeah max do you think snore and put them
in the middle of the floor yes another
big sleep oh absolutely not
[Music]
[Applause]
ready to rumble
do you feel about carrying a red camera
just worry about humidity
aramid's have been confusing modern
civilizations since we found them we
don't know how the ancient civilizations
built these and said there's so much
mystery around them
I'm personally stuck to just be going on
our first real Indiana Jones Adventure
or Ammar to be accomplishing one of his
biggest dreams and for all of us to just
have the journey of a lifetime
let's just see what goes
battery that sounds like that is that
we are stuck in a Burger King
parking lot can't get the car to go
maybe out getting pushed right now well
done team well done
[Music]
we have started a four-hour drive that
the road has turned into a roller
coaster
two hours more this
everybody's been trying to nap on this
bus but unsuccessful attempts so far
just checked our phones and we are
officially off the grid no one's got any
service service hello hey mom
[Music]
very few people make it out of the way
out middle of lower gun but I guess
that's what venture is about
this is the last frontier of
civilization Guatemala strike from the
spoon and start walking slowly like
there's no more humans at this point
this is called the caracal is the
present you know that the sound to call
our ancestor you know to have the
connection with them and we're sure that
they are come to help us we are going to
pray
[Music]
yeah that should happen o Allah o Allah
that in silky coat a multi forever
Lamonica
yeah bolero Aladdin - el fin de la
[Music]
Habana interior why would spend a
on the Latin America this is the
beginning we have just begun
ready mean ready yeah boy
[Music]
well we've started the hundred mile hike
into the Guatemalan jungle it's not to
dance right now but we've been told it's
kind of got an awful lot more dense are
excited they won in search of the
world's biggest pyramid we have arrived
in what officially it looks like the
Guatemalan the total this is exactly
what I was hoping for
[Music]
LC was asking me earlier why did you
guys decide to bring all these people
along rather than just going nice
yourselves I mean one aspect of it is
misses an opportunity for us to to kind
of bring other creators into our world
and and create something different with
new cinematography new cameras that gear
at the end of the day when you look
around you smile and cracka joking you
have dinner together there's like a very
deep layer of bonding that you can only
achieve when you experience things like
this I think a huge part of this trip
isn't just going to this parent but it's
doing it with a whole group of people
that we've been wanting to get to know
for a while and creating that friendship
creating that bond and then creating
something incredible together
[Music]
they're like I see a branch music
what is it it sounds like we're in
Jurassic Park right now
[Music]
so crazy to to Johnny just poison
anyway what did you want to be when you
grow up I've always been intrigued by
flight so it's like a fighter jet pilot
something crazy the dreams and goals
kind of fade over time but totally
reignited with these things either sick
and it hasn't gotten old it's been doing
it for five years and it's still fired
still you know gets my heart pumping so
when you put the goggles on do you feel
like you're in another world yeah
percent I saw this one video someone
took when I was filming some cars the
most hectic situation ever and there was
a clip rape and to me and I'm just like
sitting there in my zone headset on it's
like it's weird it's a totally complete
contrast and yeah
[Music]
this is the main path to go to this
pyramid that's insane damn I'm
definitely on a more Foresti path now
for the time you can't wait yeah which
makes a very interesting when we've
people scattered I'm going off on their
own I think different groups and stuff
there's a clearly two ways to go
what is this road campsite teen tell
cancer that Intel camp site is where we
are going to spend the night okay
yeah welcome to Moscow
check the GPS walk 13 miles today got a
lot more to go
I'm realizing the extent of how small my
hiking experience really is we're
actually staying at a campsite where all
the archaeologists stay and when they
come to do Studies on all the pyramid
and yeah we've done a good day tomorrow
at 4 a.m. or sunrise
[Music]
I guess you guys don't have really
background - I think I told Prezi a
little bit and the bus but the first the
first dream I ever had I ever remember
having as a child was when I was five
and I visited the pyramid with my dad
for the first time I remember just like
the scene was just like a point to the
authors like I want to go up there and
then like I said I can't
I said why because you just can't that
was the first time just like my
conscious mind remembers being like oh
I'm gonna do that
[Applause]
I'm actually in Egypt right now this is
where I was born and raised and I'm very
excited to be here after an entire year
of not seeing my family
[Music]
five years ago this place used to be
packed with tourists but officially not
anymore
after the Revolution tourism took a big
hit volleys of rubber bullets and tear
gas fired at protesters so that's why if
you ever have a chance to come visit
Egypt you should definitely come and you
should hit me up I will be personal tour
guide I would love to do that in my mind
I just put the pieces together where I
would approach the Egyptian government
basically pitched them the idea of
letting me achieve a childhood dream
along with my co-founder Oscar was was
American to show the world that Egypt
was safe and to show the world that the
government actually cares about making
sure that tourists are welcome I had
been telling my dad about it and he
ended up setting me up with a friend who
he said if there's one person that will
give you the definitive answer on
whether this is gonna happen or not it
was this guy so I had drove to Cairo to
meet this guy and within like three
minutes he was like I'll forget about it
this will never happen and then the
following day I was in the car at 6:00
a.m.
driving back to Cairo and I remembered
the first government office that I went
to there was a woman like all the way in
the back that smiled at me and I just
went straight to her I told her the
whole story she laughed so hard I think
towards the end she felt kind of bad for
me and she referred me to her friend
that worked at the Ministry of Tourism
and within 10 days I was talking to the
Minister of Tourism who was really
supportive of the idea the Minister of
Tourism end up contacting the minister
of Antiquities and all of a sudden 39
days later that thing that I was made
fun of every time I pitched it became
this big stunt that now the government
is supporting I end up getting a phone
call from my contact at the Ministry of
Antiquities
and the guy goes Ahmad where are you
you guys are climbing tomorrow I just
end up immediately getting on a bus ride
to Cairo ladies and gentlemen we just
came out of the Supreme Council of
Antiquities and we got the paper
officially climbing the pyramids it's
been a journey we got our signatures on
a dream and it's been a dream for
climbing tomorrow baby and then the
following day the head of security was
so against it this one man he literally
said that over my dead body will you
touch a stone in the pyramid at that
point I just realized that it wasn't
really about technicalities it was more
about ego that summer the whole
government just got shuffled and my
paperwork was just useless this is the
other crazy part that Tomas during this
week four years ago and and that was
obviously a huge life moment where I
what changed my entire life path to be
pursuing what I'm what I'm doing today
and the story that the first story that
I shared that it was that story of being
able to get that permit and then that's
the first story that you shared with
Matt a few of us just had this flow
started making videos together like oh
wow we're maybe now in a better position
to pitch this to the government we did
be different around the kitchen first
one didn't work because a lot of
complications and the second one was
actually on my last visit to go home
[Music]
made one last attempt and it didn't work
and now I actually I'm not able to go
back to Egypt for five more years until
I'm 30 years old because I go back I
would be held back by the military
enough be a lot to travel I just
remember that moment of my dad and a
very like visceral experience of it I've
just liked the idea of like what I'm
doing right now is actually exactly that
vision maybe not the same place but the
same idea what we're doing
so we've woken up 4:30 to get up to walk
to a smaller temple there's our first
night sleeping on pretty much some floor
mats on the ground so it'll be
interesting to see how people slept and
the more how this morning is there's
been a couple of people picking up a few
little sores injuries on feet and stuff
like that so it's gonna be interesting
to see how had the legs and the feet
hold up over the next few days
I think we can expect a lot of trekking
I think I'm correct on that front 35
kilometers today on the trek until we
reached the base of El Mirador campsite
lots of unknown adventures to be had
[Music]
it's like what is it 7:00 in the morning
and it's already super hot out a lot of
people were complaining yesterday about
their feet hurting so it's gonna be
interesting to see what happens after a
full marathon of walking today I don't
think any of us are really used to
walking these distances if you did it
this without backpacks when I'm in a lot
easier but right now I have like
batteries moving cars red camera the
heat is hitting us hard right now I'm
just so exhausted you have this moment
of just having to ignore what your
body's telling you and just continuing
to walk and comes down to you having the
willpower to push your body past the
pain we are questioning whether we're
gonna make it to continue working I was
really struggling with the heat I really
experienced this much heat for so long
nothing like my body is like knows how
to handle this 48 hours without um
there's answer dammit I might gonna make
this quick there's been 48 hours without
internet I honestly I don't even know if
there's like a world out there anymore
my girlfriend might have forgotten me
yeah if you find this mom I love you
okay you guys are troopers are you doing
this sick yeah so shouts and I have been
sick for the past three days that
Chelsea was coughing all night I feel
like I had a pretty bad fever my heels
are eating themselves I'm exhausted
there's also the combination of very
little sleep because how high humidities
outside sub probably 30 minutes history
right now when I was walking back
I've never that's one of the dizziest
and I never felt wow I was actually for
a second there kind of worried I'm
starting to understand that this is
going to be very mentally straining
because it's long and it's only being I
think 24 hours since we started this
whole thing everybody's exhausted but
here we go again Thomas is about to
photograph some birds get it alright
look like a bird whisperer
I confront it is the final hour of the
day gotta say my feet are kind of on
fire we start at 5:00 a.m. this morning
it is now 5:00 p.m. that makes it 12
hours that makes it to how I was a
hiking who does it it's so insane just
walking through here and seeing
basically big piles of dirt and rock and
it almost seems far-fetched to think
that there's anything underneath this
but they're slowly uncovering all these
insanely elaborate structures it's just
mind-blowing Smith it looks just like a
regular rock but when you like really
take a look you can tell there's like
naturally built steps on this one are
you they've been swallowed by nature so
I guess only the biggest pyramids and
temples have really stood the test of
time this is the first sizable mine
structure we see it's crazy were in the
middle of nowhere what percentage of the
city do you think has been discovered Oh
probably only like two percent of it you
know I so much too yet to be found
let's go inside a first mine structure
were they just tiny or what that's so
tight we're in the middle of a mine
structure there's the middle of the
jungle and going well and this is where
they bury people
smells like yes Dagon barely my
shoulders barely fit through yeah
oh my god Wow no freakin way you can
stand up in here so apparently this tree
that's holding the entire base together
is 2,000 years old
whoa you know oh my god spider it's one
of those scorpions spiders oh that's the
last time I go into a hole I don't know
what's in there oh okay okay
this is insane Wow
it's always weird imagining the people
that used to live here you know just so
long gone thousands of years ago and
we're here now and it's just covered by
forests straight out of Indiana Jones
right now
[Music]
I'm just young so many things
well in the beginning we didn't know too
much about a Mars family and where he
came from they were just so frustrated
by his choices I mean he had a full ride
scholarship to like a good school in
Canada and he was willing to let that go
to go start a YouTube channel didn't
make any sense you essentially are the
reason he dropped out of school you're
the reason he's not going back home you
almost feel like you're the reason he's
a that is I mean that his father
disowned him the moment that scared me
the most since we started this French
just happened last night every part of
this journey has been has been divine
and if you supported in the most
supernatural way so I I know that what
we stand for the purpose that we're
bringing this world is it this is gonna
be just worth just making the hardest
decision I've ever had to make my phone
vibrated I pulled it out and there's
this long Facebook message from my dad I
want my son Omar back leave this evil
and pervert group of yours and find
another job or come back to Egypt
immediately if you don't do that then I
won't accept you as my son or my life at
all for that matter you've cost so much
harm for your family and relatives shame
on you
I won't accept any other outcome
acceptable I stated above he thought
that this stance would get me to change
my mind and as hurtful as the things
that he mentioned the letter were I knew
that every word that he said was just
out of his deep need and desire to
protect me and to do anything he can and
his powers to divert that path I simply
know that I cannot be the only one stuck
in this position and there's someone out
there who needs to hear this someone
who's had their dreams rejected by those
they love the most and I just know how
painful it is to live through that
experience so I want you to know that
you're not alone and as long as you're
letting purpose your life forward they
know that every bit of pain that we go
through
is just an inevitable component to any
success we want to accomplish be who you
are and walk freely visit our decision
to release that video
it was the hardest decision I've ever
had to make because I knew that there
would there's no coming back from that
decision it'd be an act of defiance to
him which is something that you're not
you just do not do in my culture you did
not defy your father Egyptian friends
that live here came by and we're trying
to convince him to take it down and he
just held his ground and ended up
reaching just a breaking point where he
stood up they made a point that this
video is for every single person who
isn't accepted for who they are and
isn't able to dream and do the things
that they actually want to be doing it's
like you feel an overwhelming sense of
responsibility to make sure that
whatever happens his dreams can come
true because if he's gonna sacrifice
everything if he's gonna sacrifice not
seeing his family if he's gonna
sacrifice not going home if he's gonna
sacrifice being disowned by his dad you
essentially become the surrogate father
sibling you know you become everything
to each other once that kind of stuff
happens my mind just cut back for a
second to just to the moment I I shared
with my dad which is where this whole
dreams come you know it stirred and then
just thought of him and I missed him a
lot I was just trying to channel as much
as I could him just let him know that
I'm thinking about him and I love him
but I'm always praying for him
[Music]
thinking about you two
I miss him a lot
[Music]
somehow the dream came true
not the way I imagined that but never
felt more blessed than there felt
happier of there felt stronger in my
mind I'm glad you're getting to
experience this same with you guys it's
the best part four years ago is so much
better you're sleeping tonight honey oh
no literally just fix it you're welcome
no it's me and then me and you came in
um oh yes look nah didn't
[Music]
it is day three of the track haven't
looked a little bit agree for three days
so today's there you find the pyramid
today's the day we climb the pyramid
is today that they were gonna find the
parable of the ground is so hard when we
were in Egypt two years ago I'd never
thought the destination would be a
pyramid in Guatemala and it feels so
right like Egypt as great as the
pyramids were there we all felt kind of
like it wasn't the right place and here
just feel so natural with everybody just
gradually you need to know every single
order to eat more even people that we've
known for four years and I think I can
to put a and just dot at the end of that
sentence and be like this chapter of our
lives is over of searching for this this
ancient structure and being on top of it
and witnessing what that's like
like now we can breathe and continue
with our lives and learn from that I
think it's really exciting to to close
off this chapter with everybody here so
I'm excited discomfort is the greatest
way to build friendships is how our
friendship was born started be able to
share this experience all together it's
been very rewarding and we still have a
few more dates ahead of us but just like
being 20 minutes away from going in the
pyramid with all of you guys's it's been
a surreal experience so very excited to
like continue conversations and share
this moment together and I'm very
grateful that you all said yes
this is a final stretch of this hundred
kilometer trek that we started three
days ago let's just have a meditative
walk we're kind of tuned into yourself
and think about just your life and again
how you end up here and now this when we
arrived there we have all that president
we can actually celebrate the moment
with with depth and intensity as it's
it's a pretty big deal what we're about
to do all right
the moments come we're going
[Music]
all right we've just arrived at the very
very bottom base of the pyramid so these
are just the steps to get to the
platform which all of the pyramids are
on we're just starting look at how big
the base of the pyramid
wait the base of the pyramid is the size
of downtown Los Angeles Wow
you would never guess just walking
through here but this entire thing is
limestone underneath is limestone and
this is part of the pyramid okay so
these are the steps to the second
platform and this entire thing that
we're on is a man built so once they
started digging up the soil from what's
been like layered on top of this over
thousands of years they're actually
discovering the giant construction and
the insane labor that it was to build
this down undress and just get us to go
all right sweet
apparently the top is still like about
50 minute walk
so we're gonna keep moving but you guys
always stay ahead of us this is just
step up well I can't even see the top
from here this is this is way bigger
than I expected
you can't even grasp with full in your
mind huh this huge this must have looked
when it was for real you know so are we
good to go up all right all right moment
is upon us we're actually doing it got
chills right now
[Music]
got the paper officially climbing the
pyramids
[Music]
they're obviously paid and it's just so
much more set our youth is this big
thing that I have to work for and I've
always held me accountable to this dream
when it comes down to me leaving and
leaving every bit of support that will
just help you bear the thought I'm not
going to be able to be home
[Music]
this is for every kid out there to dream
the wildest they can to dream the
biggest they can
[Applause]
[Music]
if you are here for some reason nobody
comes here just for fun difficult in
it's not you know not easy but if you
have that connection everything you can
dance in absolutely
[Music]
what is yesterday I have to do with
dreams everything the yes theory is
saying yes to those dreams that you
think are so far-fetched it's being
constantly in the pursuit to go after
those dreams to go after the things that
just like matter the most to you in life
as you're in the pursuit to do something
you love and to do something that you
dream of you never know who that
inspires or what that ends up
contributing to your life sometimes we
end up achieving the dreams we never
even knew we had that's the most
beautiful part about being in the
pursuit
[Music]
[Applause]